com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/json/serializer/BukkitObjectTypeAdapter.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.serializer.BukkitObjectTypeAdapter
com/haroldstudios/mailme/mail/MailMessage.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.mail.MailMessage
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.mail.MailMessage$Builder
com/haroldstudios/mailme/gui/Expandable.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.gui.Expandable
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.gui.Expandable$GuiType
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/json/serializer/AbstractClassSerializer.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.serializer.AbstractClassSerializer
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/json/serializer/WorldTypeAdapter.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.serializer.WorldTypeAdapter
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/json/serializer/VectorTypeAdapter.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.serializer.VectorTypeAdapter
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/json/serializer/EnumTypeAdapter.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.serializer.EnumTypeAdapter
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.serializer.EnumTypeAdapter$1
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/json/serializer/ItemStackTypeAdapter.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.serializer.ItemStackTypeAdapter
com/haroldstudios/mailme/components/IncompleteBuilderException.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.components.IncompleteBuilderException
com/haroldstudios/mailme/utils/Pagination.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.utils.Pagination
com/haroldstudios/mailme/utils/NMSReflection.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.utils.NMSReflection
com/haroldstudios/mailme/postoffice/PostOffice.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.postoffice.PostOffice
com/haroldstudios/mailme/mail/MailBook.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.mail.MailBook
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.mail.MailBook$Builder
com/haroldstudios/mailme/utils/PermissionConstants.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.utils.PermissionConstants
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/transition/Transitionable.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.transition.Transitionable
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/json/serializer/PotionTypeAdapter.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.serializer.PotionTypeAdapter
com/haroldstudios/mailme/utils/Utils.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.utils.Utils
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/DatabaseSettingsImpl.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.DatabaseSettingsImpl
com/haroldstudios/mailme/mail/Mail.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.mail.Mail
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.mail.Mail$Builder
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/DatabaseConnector.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.DatabaseConnector
com/haroldstudios/mailme/mail/MailItems.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.mail.MailItems
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.mail.MailItems$Builder
com/haroldstudios/mailme/mail/MailType.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.mail.MailType
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.mail.MailType$1
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/PlayerMailDAO.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.PlayerMailDAO
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/sql/MySQLDatabase.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.sql.MySQLDatabase
com/haroldstudios/mailme/gui/AbstractScrollingMailGui.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.gui.AbstractScrollingMailGui
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.gui.AbstractScrollingMailGui$InteractableItem
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/json/JsonPresetFile.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.JsonPresetFile
com/haroldstudios/mailme/gui/InboxGui.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.gui.InboxGui
com/haroldstudios/mailme/gui/ChooseMailTypeGui.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.gui.ChooseMailTypeGui
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.gui.ChooseMailTypeGui$1
com/haroldstudios/mailme/utils/ConfigValue.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.utils.ConfigValue
com/haroldstudios/mailme/commands/MailCommands.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.commands.MailCommands
com/haroldstudios/mailme/conversations/PlayerSearch.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.conversations.PlayerSearch
com/haroldstudios/mailme/gui/ItemInputGui.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.gui.ItemInputGui
com/haroldstudios/mailme/utils/GuiConfig.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.utils.GuiConfig
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.utils.GuiConfig$GContainer
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/PlayerSettings.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.PlayerSettings
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/transition/Json2MySQL.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.transition.Json2MySQL
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/transition/MySQL2Json.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.transition.MySQL2Json
com/haroldstudios/mailme/MailMe.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.MailMe
com/haroldstudios/mailme/commands/PresetCommands.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.commands.PresetCommands
com/haroldstudios/mailme/utils/PlayerUtils.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.utils.PlayerUtils
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/json/PlayerDataFile.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.PlayerDataFile
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/json/DataCache.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.DataCache
com/haroldstudios/mailme/commands/PostOfficeCommands.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.commands.PostOfficeCommands
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/transition/Legacy2Json.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.transition.Legacy2Json
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/ServerSettings.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.ServerSettings
com/haroldstudios/mailme/gui/RecipientSelectorGui.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.gui.RecipientSelectorGui
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/sql/SQLDatabaseParent.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.sql.SQLDatabaseParent
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/json/JsonDatabase.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.JsonDatabase
com/haroldstudios/mailme/gui/AbstractMailGui.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.gui.AbstractMailGui
com/haroldstudios/mailme/conversations/LetterInputPrompt.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.conversations.LetterInputPrompt
com/haroldstudios/mailme/MailMeAPI.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.MailMeAPI
com/haroldstudios/mailme/gui/IconSelectorGui.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.gui.IconSelectorGui
com/haroldstudios/mailme/mail/MailboxTaskManager.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.mail.MailboxTaskManager
com/haroldstudios/mailme/postoffice/PostOfficeStore.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.postoffice.PostOfficeStore
com/haroldstudios/mailme/commands/MailboxCommands.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.commands.MailboxCommands
com/haroldstudios/mailme/listeners/EntityEvents.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.listeners.EntityEvents
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/json/serializer/MailTypeAdapterFactory.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.serializer.MailTypeAdapterFactory
com/haroldstudios/mailme/components/hooks/VaultHook.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.components.hooks.VaultHook
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.components.hooks.VaultHook$1
com/haroldstudios/mailme/utils/Locale.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.utils.Locale
com/haroldstudios/mailme/gui/ClickToSendGui.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.gui.ClickToSendGui
com/haroldstudios/mailme/components/hooks/HologramHook.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.components.hooks.HologramHook
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/json/serializer/FileUtil.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.serializer.FileUtil
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.serializer.FileUtil$1
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.serializer.FileUtil$2
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.serializer.FileUtil$3
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.serializer.FileUtil$4
com/haroldstudios/mailme/database/json/serializer/LocationTypeAdapter.java
 com.haroldstudios.mailme.database.json.serializer.LocationTypeAdapter
